Fix force mute issues (#716)
opentok/opentok-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.27.0  (February 2023)

> - [Fix]: This version fixes the following events, which were not being dispatched:
> 
>   * OTSession muteForced
>   * OTPublisher muteForced

Author: ```suggestion
- [Fix]: This version fixes the OTSession `muteForced` and OTPublisher `muteForced` events, which were not being dispatched. It also fixes the `OTSession.forceMuteAll()` method in iOS.
```

> # 2.27.0  (February 2023)

Reviewer: 2024

Reviewer: @jeffswartz This is still pending it seems.

> # 2.27.0  (February 2023)

Author: ```suggestion
# 2.27.0  (February 2024)
```
